Documentation is additional text or illustrated information that comes with,
or is embedded in,
the code of software.
Documentation is helpful for clarifying complex parts of your program,
making your code easy for yourself and others to navigate and
quickly conveying how and why different components of your program are used.
There are several types of documentation you can add at different levels of your program.
First, you can add documentation at
the line level using in-line comments to clarify your code.
Second, you can add documentation at the function or
module level using docstrings to describe its purpose and details.
Finally, you can add documentation at the project level using various tools such as
a readme file to document details about the project
as a whole and how all the files work together.
In the next few sections,
we will practice using these different modes of documentation and learn
best practices to make sure our documentation is effective and useful.